{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 each GAME is a training prediction,\
\
get(game_id, seq_len): -> team a N prev, team b N prev\
\
\
\
This method of prediction doesn\'92t rely on knowing anything about the stats of a given game to predict that game, so it can be used for predictions before any of the game has transpired. Additionally, it doesn\'92t use data about players on the team or the team\'92s offensive or defensive stats, so it ignores the changes that happen between seasons for a team, such as roster changes, moving stadiums, or head coach changes. This agnosticism to data that may change from year to year allows it to generalize from past years to future years, when the nature of the game has changed dramatically.\
\
An example of this change is the radical shift from defensive slash and grab hockey of the early 2000s to the fast, offense focussed hockey of the past few years. The point of this model is not to show a relationship between team performance and game outcomes, but rather between the strain of the schedule and travel in American sports and that strain\'92s effect on games.\
\
Compared to other sports, especially in other countries, the schedule for travel exerts a heavy influence on games in hockey. For example, in the premiere league, the longest travel distance between games possible is _____, whereas for American sports, it is nearly triple that distance, and this trip is taken _____ times a year per team. \
\
\
Obviously, logistical strain is not the only influence on game outcomes in American hockey, as this would mean that teams that are more centrally located would have an easier time accommodating harder schedules. However, previous models such as ___ and ___ have focussed on predicting individual games irrespective of streak and the sequence of games leading into the game being predicted. I feel that this neglects quite a bit of the information that goes into determining game outcomes, and my hypothesis is that by modeling each game as the culmination of a recent sequence of games, more insight can be gained about the likelihood each team has of taking home a win from the match.}