{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 START\
\
Party has the captured wizard from the ex-scouts. He will 
\i mislead
\i0  them and then attack with 
\i cone of cold
\i0  or 
\i fireball
\i0  or other. Resentful that they were Kale\'92s favorites. If they want to follow that traitor then the ex scouts will stop at nothing to hunt them down. Kale has been drumming up support and recruiting revolutionaries. But Kale has nothing but descent and selfish moral directive (because they don\'92t know he has the king), but the new scouts have the interim king.\
\
Kale founding the Knights of the True King\
\
Scuffle with another group of ex-scouts that the party was once close with. (BELDEN\'92S WAR BUDDY IS PART OF THEM) Chance to turn some scouts within the new order. \'93How can you betray your duty to the crown?\'94\
\
\

\b Troup 7
\b0 \
\
Dyrn Silverheart\
\
Dwarf fighter and warlord who fought alongside Belden in the last war. The last time Belden saw him was as he escaped the keep he once guarded. Dyrn does not recognize Belden, but is clearly under mental strain when he sees him. \
\
Tanika Coyle\
Jerah Saldano\
Kazimir van Hyden\
\
\
\

\b Lord of Blades Fortress
\b0 \
\
Out front of the fortress, a warforged colossus \'97 long in disrepair \'97 looms over the gate, casting a shadow for hundreds of feet in the waning sunlight. \
\
Built from the scavenged remains of Cyre, this sprawling stronghold is home to warforged of all make an model. The warforged here showcase various exotic upgrades to the constructs\'92 physiques, including modifications that fundamentally change the body type of some warforged. They regard all fleshy creatures with suspicion, but welcome warforged with open arms.\
\
The warforged here seek only refuge, not war. The outside world sees the Lord of Blades as a warlike entity, arming a legion of refugee warforged and seeking to overthrow the world order. However, this is far from the truth. The warforged seek only a home to call their own, making do in the wasteland that proves inhospitable to creatures of flesh and bone. They allow the world to perceive them as dangerous to keep them from interfering in their lifestyle. \
\
The Lord of Blades IS an imposing entity, but he has merely taken upon himself that image to protect his fellow warforged.\
\
They live in the Glowing Chasm, as it is inhospitable to creatures of the flesh due to the fumes and temperatures. In the center of the fortress lies the great creation forge of house Cannith. It was rendered useless during the final stages of the war, but has been rebuilt in all its splendor. It is used to rejuvenate the many broken down warforged that seek refuge from the people of flesh. \
\

\b The Lord of Blades (Unit 313 Dravago 961YK (Year of the Kingdom)\'97 Royal Sentinal) \'93Dr. S\'94\

\b0 - in the past, they truly sought revenge, but found peace and a home after the war in the Mournland\
- Distressed by the current treatment of older warforged\
- Incensed by the usage and treatment of warforged during the war\
\
- The warforged have deep knowledge of their history, though not totally complete\
\

\b WARFORGED LORE\

\b0 - A warforged mystic named Shira has knowledge of warforged from before the war
\b \

\b0 - It is believed that warforged were invented by House Cannith as weapons of war, but this is only the public history\
- Warforged were initially created to serve as vessels and companions for the quori by the Fey. These initial warforged were not warlike at all, and were created from the hearts of dying Ents. From these initial experiments, it was found that living beings can serve as host to the Quori, paving the way for the creation of the Kalashtar.\
- However, at the turning of the age on Dal Quor, these Ancient Guardians fell dormant and were lost to the world. \
- In the age of the Dreaming Dark, these designs were perverted by the now dark spirits of Dal Quor and used to promote violence and destruction amongst mortals, continuing to fuel the continuation of the age of Dreaming Dark. \
\
\

\b POLITICAL UNREST\

\b0 - The warforged all across Khorvaire are being round up and forced into labor\
- the special docents placed upon them contain fragments of Quori souls, and are used to take control of warforged\
- \
\
}